Unify Formatting (#82)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/d/subnet_ids.md

layout: "aws"
page_title: "aws_subnet_ids"
description: |-

>     Provides information about subnet IDs for a VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Provides a list of subnet IDs for a VPC.
```

---

# Data Source: aws_subnet_ids

> Provides information about IDs for a vpc_id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a list of subnet IDs for a VPC.
```

layout: "aws"
page_title: "aws_subnet_ids"
description: |-
    Provides a list of subnet IDs for a VPC.
---

[describe-subnets]: https://docs.k2.cloud/en/api/ec2/subnets/DescribeSubnets.html

> [tf-subnets]: subnets.html

Reviewer: Можно удалить

}
```

> Fort matching against tag `Name`, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For matching against tag `Name`, use:
```

}
```

## Argument Reference

* `vpc_id` - (Required) The VPC ID that you want to filter from.
* `filter` - (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to use as filters.
  Subnet IDs will be selected if any one of the given values match.

>     * _Valid values:_ See supported names and values in [EC2 API documentation][describe-subnets]

Reviewer: Нужно перенести определение ссылки в начало страницы

}
```

## Argument Reference

* `vpc_id` - (Required) The VPC ID that you want to filter from.
* `filter` - (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to use as filters.

>   Subnet IDs will be selected if any one of the given values match.

Reviewer: Можно удалить

    * _Valid values:_ See supported names and values in [EC2 API documentation][describe-subnets]
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags, each pair of which must exactly match
  a pair on the desired subnets.

> ## Attribute Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
```

> * `ids` - A set of all the subnet ids found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ids` - Set of found subnet IDs.
```
